feat(apollo-router-plugin): persisted operations (app deployments) plugin with Hive, update usage to API-Version v2 (#5732)
graphql-hive/console: .changeset/rotten-islands-joke.md

---
'hive-apollo-router-plugin': minor
---

> Added a new plugin for integrating Hive app deployments (persisted operations)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for persisted documents using Hive App Deployments. [Learn more](link to docs)
```
